[Music]
you admire all those perfect and
gorgeous stars who are stunning outfits
and you'd like to look like them but
it's no secret that their wardrobe can
cost a fortune
don't despair there are ways to make
your clothes look more expensive without
spending too much money for example one
choose the right fabric there's no
denying the fact that natural silk
cashmere and leather look really chic
but they're usually pricey still you can
find affordable alternatives that don't
look cheap items made of linen faux
suede and cotton are your best choice
because they're usually high quality
it's better to avoid synthetic materials
since they can lose their shape easily
when it comes to polyester it's kind of
a tricky one its quality varies from
item to item so before buying you should
examine the clothes closely to make sure
they look and feel good on your skin to
go for color unity if you follow fashion
then you've probably noticed that
designers come up with sets of clothing
that share the same color family quite
often so if you want to come to oak
Couture pick up a few clothes that you
like the most and choose clothes of
similar shades for your wardrobe
such outfits will definitely make you
look more put together and elegant
besides you will spend less time getting
ready in the morning since everything
matches when wind three get a white
shirt any wardrobe is incomplete without
this item a white shirt made of
high-quality material that comes in to
cut that suits your figure will make any
outfit look perfect it's one of the
basics and complements almost any style
but here is the important thing
make sure your shirt is actually white
because dull whites can instantly drag
an outfit down for don't neglect the
handbag when it comes to accessories a
handbag is really one of them most
important it makes the whole outfit look
polished
no matter house
the temptation is try to avoid buying
fakes when you're on a budget it's
better to find something original and
unique look for a handbag in neutral
colors that matches most of your outfits
and avoid those with contrasting clasps
fringes folds or embroidery because
usually these details are concealing bad
quality 5 no faded colors your favorite
red blouse isn't so red anymore it's
time to say goodbye without regret if
you don't want to ruin your image and
look cheap get rid of the clothes with
washed out colors to keep all your
garments looking beautiful make sure you
wash them carefully and pay attention to
the instructions on the tags 6 fit is
the key
there's nothing worse ok a few other
things than an ill-fitting outfit it can
happen even if you chosen the right size
because shocker one size doesn't fit all
but you can always save the situation
with just a couple of stitches by a
tailor
that's how cheap clothes can end up
looking much better on you than an
outfit from a famous designer 7 don't
overuse perfume fragrance is the last
detail that finishes your outfit perfume
can tell a lot about a person just like
clothing and accessories it can
highlight your style taste and
individuality but it's better not to use
too much perfume if you have to be on
public transport or in a building for a
long time a classy lady always respects
other people's private spaces 8 when in
doubt choose beige this classically
neutral color somehow has the power to
magically make you look more luxurious
and trendy what's more you can
effortlessly match it with almost any
other color that's why a lot of women
who strive to have a perfect image often
own a beige coat that's never out of
fashion
9 don't forget about grooming a famous
designer Karl Lagerfeld once said you
can look perfect and elegant even
wearing jeans and a t-shirt so Wow you
get inspiration from fashion icons and
follow style tips don't forget that
clothes aren't the be-all end-all the
way you look also depends on your body
shape your skin condition and makeup
work on your appearance and you'll feel
confident and beautiful in any clothes
10 be careful with prints it's totally
fine to incorporate prints into your
wardrobe if you go for classic ones like
stripes dots and leopard print
they're basically timeless but all
others are hard to combine with other
clothes and might even be unflattering
depending on your figure type also don't
buy the item if the print is broken the
pattern should assemble well at the
seams 11 avoid visible zippers to tell
the quality of a garment you should look
not only at its fabric but its
accessories as well visible zippers are
an obvious giveaway to cheap clothes the
zipper should be covered or at least the
color of all its parts should be similar
to the fabric 12 tuck in your clothes
of course you want to look polished and
casual at the same time as if you
haven't spent a few hours getting ready
right but a loose shirt will probably
give you an incomplete look in most
cases it's better to tuck in any top
garment it will make your outfit more
cohesive and as a bonus highlight your
waist 13 wrinkled clothes are a big no
nothing screams sloppy as much as a
wrinkled clothes you trust me there's no
way other people won't notice it I get
that ironing isn't the most exciting
thing to do but if you want to look
impeccable you just have to do it no
matter how much your outfit costs it'll
definitely look much better when it's
neat and smooth
[Music]
14 don't forget about underwear even the
most luxurious outfit can be ruined by
visible panty lines to avoid this pesky
situation
you can either choose shapewear that'll
make you look slimmer or try basic
thongs that look smooth underneath any
clothing item however your bra matters
to get a pair of silicone bra cups
that'll let you rock backless and
strapless dresses or blouses 15 change
the buttons any regular shirt cardigan
or coat can be transformed into
something more elegant by simply
changing the buttons cheap clothes
usually come with plastic buttons but
you can easily replace them with glass
wooden or metal buttons you can find
some really interesting options at
sewing shops or even your grandmother's
sewing cabinet you can even use buttons
from old clothes you don't wear anymore
16 make a blazer your best friend when
you want a more chic style
you absolutely don't have to change your
whole wardrobe sometimes all it takes is
a few new items one of them is
definitely a blazer a classic one in a
neutral color will make your look more
put together while a bright one will
bring extra life into your outfit
17 manage your priorities it's more
sensible to invest money in your basic
wardrobe than in clothes for special
occasions and trendy items you wear
basic clothing almost every day so it's
important to get it in the best
affordable quality and wow that hot pink
princess dress looks stunning
you'll only get to wear it once so don't
splurge your whole paycheck on it 80
throw on some sunglasses I have no idea
how it works but putting on sunglasses
instantly makes your whole outfit look
better maybe that's something the
celebrity started who knows if you're in
doubt which to choose always go for
classic oversized black shades they
complement almost any outfit regardless
of style 19 get a pair of pointy shoes
when it comes to Footwear you don't need
to revamp your entire shoe collection
but it's a great idea to get a classic
pair of pointed shoes going from a
rounded toe to a pointy toe changes an
outfit in the blink of an eye the pointy
toe shows that you mean business
and adds the extra elegant detail 20 pay
attention to the hardware true sheet
style is all about the small details
that most people tend to overlook take a
look at the color of metal zippers on
your clothes shoes bags and jewelry make
sure they match the same goes for a belt
buckle pick one hardware item that will
be the baseline and choose all others to
go with it for example if you have a
yellow gold necklace all other Hardware
in your output should be of this same
hue not that big a deal right but trust
me it'll bring that perfect subtle
harmony to your look do you know any
other tips that help you look stunning
without breaking your bank account let
me know down in the comments if you
learned something new today then give
this video a like and share it with a
friend but hey don't go anywhere just
yet we have over 2,000 cool videos for
you to check out all you have to do is
pick the left or right video click on it
and
joy stay on the bright side of life
[Music]